[Merged by Bors] - ExtractComponent Derive, OpenGL Backend Default, LCH Color, Hex Perf, CorePlugin split, EntityCommand (#571)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2023-03-04-bevy-0.10/index.md

```rust
#[derive(Component, Clone, ExtractComponent)]
pub struct Car {
    pub wheels: usize,
}
```

This expands to this:

```rust
impl ExtractComponent for Car
{
    type Query = &'static Self;
    type Filter = ();
    type Out = Self;
    fn extract_component(item: QueryItem<'_, Self::Query>) -> Option<Self::Out> {
        Some(item.clone())
    }
}
```

It also supports filters!

```rust
#[derive(Component, Clone, ExtractComponent)]
#[extract_component_filter(With<Fuel>)]
pub struct Car {
    pub wheels: usize,
}
```

[`ExtractComponent`]: https://docs.rs/bevy/0.10.0/bevy/render/extract_component/trait.ExtractComponent.html

## Upgraded wgpu to 0.15

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @Elabajaba</div>

**Bevy 0.10** now uses the latest and greatest [`wgpu`](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu) (our low level graphics layer). In addition to [a number of nice API improvements and bug fixes](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/releases/tag/v0.15.0), `wgpu` now uses the DXC shader compiler for DX12, which is faster, less buggy, and allows for new features.

## Enabled OpenGL Backend By Default

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @wangling12</div>

> Bevy has supported `wgpu`'s OpenGL backend for awhile now, but it was opt-in. This caused Bevy to fail to start up on some machines that don't support modern apis like Vulkan. In **Bevy 0.10** the OpenGL backend is enabled by default, which means machines will automatically fall back to OpenGL if no other API is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bevy has supported `wgpu`'s OpenGL backend for a while now, but it was opt-in. This caused Bevy to fail to start up on some machines that don't support modern apis like Vulkan. In **Bevy 0.10** the OpenGL backend is enabled by default, which means machines will automatically fall back to OpenGL if no other API is available.
```

[`TaskPoolPlugin`]: https://docs.rs/bevy/0.10.0/bevy/core/struct.TaskPoolPlugin.html
[`TypeRegistrationPlugin`]: https://docs.rs/bevy/0.10.0/bevy/core/struct.TypeRegistrationPlugin.html
[`FrameCountPlugin`]: https://docs.rs/bevy/0.10.0/bevy/core/struct.FrameCountPlugin.html

## `EntityCommand`s

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @targrub</div>

[`Commands`] are "deferred ECS" operations. They enable developers to define custom ECS operations that are applied after a parallel system has finished running. Many [`Commands`] ran on individual entities, but this pattern was a bit cumbersome:

```rust
struct MyCustomCommand(Entity);

impl Command for MyCustomCommand {
    fn write(self, world: &mut World) {
        // do something with the entity at self.0
    }
}

let id = commands.spawn(SpriteBundle::default()).id();
commmands.add(MyCustomCommand(id));
```

To solve this, in **Bevy 0.10** we added the [`EntityCommand`] trait. This allows the command to be ergonomically applied to spawned entities:

```rust
struct MyCustomCommand;

impl EntityCommand for MyCustomCommand {
    fn write(self, id: Entity, world: &mut World) {

>         // do something with given entity id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // do something with the given entity id
```
